# Description of configuration files

Parameters:
- `NNODES`: Number of nodes in the final networks

- `NREPS`: Number of replicates. For example, if `NREPS=3` we will generate three graphs from each graph model.

- `DATE_STRING`: Date

- `SAVEDATA`: Boolean dictating whether data/results should be written to files.

- `HOMEDIR`: The home directory.

- `MAXDIM`: The maximum dimension in which to compute persistent homology. Currently these scripts do not compute or store dimension 0 by default.

- `THRESHVEC`: Vector of values for rho<sub>T</sub> to be used in the calculations.

- `AVEC`: Vector of values for rho<sub>a</sub> used for creating the overlapping noise graphs. See also `BVEC`.

- `BVEC`: Vector of values for rho<sub>b</sub> used for creating the overlapping noise graphs. **NOTE**: must be the same length as `AVEC`. The intervals [rho<sub>a</sub>, rho<sub>b</sub>] will extracted from this vector pair. Intervals will be [`AVEC[i]`, `BVEC[i]`] for i in 1:length(`BVEC`).

- `NAMETAG_creategraphs`: Ending to filenames that store created graphs. Used in `create_graphs.jl`.

- `read_dir_graphs`: Designate directory from which to read graph models. Used in `threshold_graphs.jl`. This script will look for any files within the `read_dir_graphs` location that have the `_graphs.jld` tag.

- `read_dir_thresh`: Designate directory from which to read graphs generated by `threshold_graphs.jl`. Used within persistent homology scripts. 

- `read_dir_overlap`: Designate directory from which to read graphs for running persistent homology on the overlapping noise networks. Used in `run_ph_overlap.jl`.

- `read_dir_results`: Directory for reading eirene output files. Used in scripts calculating Betti curves and Betti Bar values.

- `save_dir_graphs`: Designate the directory in which to save graph models. Used in `create_graphs.jl`.

- `save_dir_thresh`: Designate directory in which to save thresholded graphs. Used in `threshold_graphs.jl`.

- `save_dir_overlap`: Directory in which to save graphs with overlapping noise. Used in `overlap_graphs.jl`.

- `save_dir_results`: Directory for saving persistent homology and downstream results. Used in persistent homology and barcode summary scripts.

- `save_dir_forMatlab`: Directory in which to save .mat files for later use in the Matlab script `classification_analysis.m`.

- `SAVETAIL_graphInfo`: Tag added to graph information plots. Used in `graphs_check.ipynb`.

- `SAVETAIL_threshold_graphs`: Tag added to graph filenames during `threshold_graphs.jl`.

- `SAVETAIL_ph_forward`: Tag to distinguish persistent homology output generated by `run_ph_forward.jl` from others.

- `SAVETAIL_ph_thresholds`: Tag to distinguish persistent homology output generated by `run_ph_thresholds.jl` from others.

- `SAVETAIL_ph_noiseOnly`: Tag to distinguish persistent homology output generated by `run_ph_noiseOnly.jl` from others.

- `SAVETAIL_ph_overlap`: Tag to distinguish persistent homology output generated by `run_ph_overlap.jl` from others.

- `SAVETAIL_bettiBars`: Tag to distinguish output of the `calculate_bettiBars.jl` script from other results files.

- `SAVETAIL_bettis`: Tag to distinguish output of the `calculate_betti.jl` script from other results files.

- `graph_models`: A collection of graphs to be run through the pipeline and all parameters needed for their generation. Each graph model consists of a model name, a generating function "fn", parameters, a clean name, a flag determining whether to create new networks from this graph model or to hold, and a flag determining whether to run the persistent homology scripts on this model or to hold. Generating functions must match a function found in `graph_models.jl`. The parameter list is an array providing all necessary arguments to the graph generating function, in the order described in `graph_modesl.jl`, except for the number of nodes `NNODES`. It is assumed that all graph models generated will have the same number of nodes. The "createFlag" has two options: "create" and "hold". The "runFlag" similarly has two options: "run" and "hold". See `graph_models.jl` for descriptions of individual graph models.

